Ever order take out but was too busy
to go pick it up yourself?
Well we got what you need!
Foodar is a delivery tracking system
where foodies will order take-out
from local restaurants and then use it to
find a driver to pick up
and deliver to them.
Delivery fees will be calculated based on
distance driven plus a base fee.
Users must register a card to auto-pay
drivers the approved amount.
At this level, you will
be building the
basic layout and pages for the website.
You will also add functionality for a
basic coordinate system.
The courses we will cover are
the fundamental languages of the internet.
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
You will find that together
these three languages form the
core background of what is
presented on your browser.
You will gain a greater understanding
of each and be able to utilize
each to build your own website.
In this level 100 internship we will
provide you with wireframe documents that
will serve as a template for you to build
the basic layout of your pages. We will
also provide documentation such as UML
diagrams describing the functionality
that you will develop.
It is your job to
update these documents or artifacts,
code your vision for Foodar and test the
new functionality.
Upon finishing this internship, you will
unlock the next level of projects and
courses. This is a core project
to complete in becoming a web developer
and front-end expert.
Foodar will unlock other
frameworks such as jQuery and Angular.
So if you like food, then this is the app
for you!
Let's get moving!